[Music]
the a coruña defense of antonio david
flores in his dismissal the lawyer isabel
cruz argues that the severance of
her client's employment relationship with the
production company derocío contra la verdad
para seguir viva violates her fundamental rights
of her clients are made
diet lawyers she is not a lawyer yet
sometimes reading
isabel cruz is a lawyer at the
talín ferreiro office in a coruña and among
many other cases she handles the most high
profile dismissal of eight months that of antonio
flores
according to the i having in bio that it is not
i had understood that this woman that the
lawyer was a lawyer
this is antonio de vi's lawyer in
the labor issue
in the issue of
maría de derocío carrasco derived from
the broadcast of the documentary derocío contar
la verdad para seguir viva isabel
cruz says that despite being a case that
generates hours and hours of television the
broadcast was made in several episodes and
with discussions and debates in other
programs in her office they treat it as just
another dismissal of those they have  in
progress in courts throughout Spain.
Well, yes, let's
see, here they are claiming that the
lawyer handling the labor case is there,
a civil case, another labor case. She can have
several. Yes, I have several lawyers
as well, and not because I'm rich or because there's
a very important person, but
because each one has specialized in
a subject. You know, you
know, I didn't know that she had this
lawyer, Pedreguer, who was another one, the
TV factories, at the production company with which
Flores had a working relationship
and is in turn the one that produced the
documentary in which Carrasco broke her
silence. False, she didn't break her silence. Okay, well,
when she says she was breaking her
silence, it's as if she'd never
spoken. If it were the first time, we've already
checked. Carrasco was
silent, silence. It wasn't like she'd
talked about things in some places
over the years, she'd even
indirectly let loose on occasion. I remember even one that
we caught, which was her calling Sálvame
to confirm that the
Supreme Court's appeal was ongoing.
Her lawyer, I think his name is Iván, and this
woman has never met.
Yes, of course, maybe she was going to handle
something
today. They're going  handle criminal and
civil matters and specializes in labor I'll keep
quiet today La Opinión is saying it
La Coruña
after years of absence from television and in
which she claimed to have suffered abuse
from her now ex-partner after
the broadcast of the first episode La
Fábrica de la Tele broke her contract
with Flores who was a collaborator on
Sálvame
from a strictly legal point of view it's
a clearer case totally
Kiko yes thank you very much
and be careful with the microphones everyone sneaks in who has
sneaked in listens to it around
here in a moan or something
has been heard a moan from a
neighbor let's
see it's a clearer case
TV a job is worth being a collaborator it
's a job there are contracts there are
contracts I don't know what type of contract they are I do
n't know what anything
because these sisters have not gone into much detail
yet the trial
Sunday 5th Monday 6th Tuesday 7th
7th
let's see what more information we have
in the end it's a worker who is
litigating for a dismissal in a labor court
regardless of what fact later
has the repercussions that we all
know Cruz relates indicating that the
breakdown of the relationship  your
client's work with the production company that had him
hired was carried out publicly
on a television program a
humiliation okay or so imagined in
any job
okay
imagine in any job what will be
the next circumstance
for whatever it is you have thoughts I go to
work go to your workplace
and when you are there at your
work tables with all your colleagues
your boss comes and says to you loudly Javier you
are fired you are an abuser and we do not have
abusers here
but there is a trial occasion on
6 well do not appear in an investigation
has been acquitted 2 the doubts you are an
abuser and gender violence and
vicarious violence here 0
fired they no longer come here to
this factory or to any of the
factories that we have in our entire
company and in our entire group and
not only that but in addition to doing this
dismissal they do it
live with this tweet and
they put all their cameras and with this one on
youtube and also stop and I called the
incredible repercussion in the
media a humiliation like what they
did to channels but well not at the
same level it is still much worse I don't
know  can do that ca
n't be done
you define it in private do things
right
give him the days he deserves and
then maybe he releases a discreet
statement on twitter or on your website
and says look, we've decided to
dispense with Antonio David because his contract was being
renewed his contract will be fulfilled and it wasn't
appropriate even if they had
done the thing
javi go to twitter and look what
marca batallón azul has posted it's an audio of
Olga's sister wearing a visor to the lawyer's relationship greetings
[Music]
basically let's
see
you've passed
important
something important
to make an important clarification
okay
an important person in
Antonio David's family who is not a lawyer
Antonia is a lawyer who defends the
cause of the flower company and the
labor dispute that she has
real
[Music] I
mean listen to the audio but he thought it
was under the microphone
that's what happened but let's see what
he says
this news is clearly telling you
not to defend her not to defend the
case because I give my opinion on the case I don't know  What
Raquel is saying is that it's like a
lawyer who freely gives her opinion on the case, no, she
's not the lawyer in charge of the case.
Well, here what they're giving before what
the news says is that she's the lawyer
in charge of the case.
Now what it says here is that it's in the
lawyer in charge of the case. Let's
see, according to Raquel, what she said in that audio
[Music]
I'm looking to see if I can find something
in the news.
If I talk about what just happened, I
'm looking at the news and you can see that she says she's a
lawyer, she gives her opinion but that she
's not the lawyer who had the case. But
here in the news she says yes.
Here in the news she says, in addition, my
client will see about
her client with the production company
and she says here in the office we're treating it
like any other case.
Now we're finishing reading and drawing
conclusions. But
here I have done it. Here what is being
put in, the lawyer is in charge of the case.
Now
a part of the trial for this dismissal is coming out,
which the production company of the
television factory with which Flores had a
temporary contract and for which he participated in
television programs.  the trial was already held
in July sorry this next
week according to Cruz
some of the missing evidence will be taken and with
it the procedure will be ready for
sentencing and he expects the ruling to come down by the
end of this month or early
October
well of course a ruling usually
takes
between 15 days but who would be very
lucky normally it usually takes a couple
of months but well it can take between
15 days and it can take three or four
months I know of civil cases where
the ruling has taken like four
months such as co-payment or transport by
sea but well if the trial is on Tuesday
then the ruling will probably be out by
early October
yes
Flores understands that the dismissal is null
or unfair
since the production company incurred in
procedural defects in communicating it to him and
also because he believes that the cause was not given
so that the termination of the
employment relationship complies with
current legislation of course let's see what I
understand is that in those contracts I
am not a lawyer, I clarify because I could be
wrong do not take my truth as the
absolute truth what I
understand is that they can dispense with you
on television
overnight in  the case that it is considered
that you tarnish the image of course but the
rest here that those who are
tarnishing the image of this
media personality are themselves
José Manuel thank you very much let's put it in
the situation that
now suddenly
nothing has ever happened before there was no lawsuit by
Rocío Carrasco or anything working on
Sálvame Baha on the
reality shows in front
of the contestants in the debates and suddenly
the news comes out that Rocío Carrasco gives
these statements they have mistreated me
and I just
put it more tweet
thank you very much Marga Marga Blue Battalion a
huge kiss
and
announces that he has reported today for more
mistreated tell the story and report
that they have mistreated and that whoever wants to
report and show the complaint there is no
trial yet it has not been dismissed
yet so
there still
very between quotes very far-fetched it
depends depends on what they
could make the decision to fire him
because they don't believe in him and don't want to give him
the benefit of the doubt and the presumption
of absence the presumption of  Innocence must be
had of course okay it must be
fulfilled in the legal field and
of course in the public sphere you
cannot slander them you can defame them
now that you consider that
that person is tarnishing the image of
your company well let's
see look for example
not by comparing him with Anthony Davis
because you already know what I think about the
Antonia issue well I don't think
clarification is necessary but for example when
we have a case like that of Carlos the I
already Carlos the I before he was
convicted which he has been although
the Supreme Court is appealing that he doesn't have
much for the Supreme Court to ratify us
why because of Carlos the I there are already
some audios that are devastating you
have them in all the
media and news is that in front of
those audios my goodness my goodness is
worth then so much in life we ​​have we have we have
nothing be that we have nothing
in her word and the
interpretation of her that we have Canto
de Ávila been criticizing for all
these years yes while she also
went the other way releasing this
journalist the other journalist he  he sued
this pin program by then he
was defending himself today he or defending
contracts his version in his full right
but when when we have I don't know
how many times the case has been dismissed because
I'm already lost but it has happened to me six
or seven times or so I
understand that at least three three
times in a row it has been I am
no longer protecting her listen please let there be no
manipulation and let there
be no misinterpretations no way I
compared Antonio to the same one
precisely I am explaining the complete
opposite the extremes that there is one case to
another that at one extreme we have some
audios
at one extreme we do not have the word of
work
we have the audios that are devastating
express in the Antonia Beat case we
have nothing on the contrary we have caught
contradictions we have caught some
other little lie or things that have not
matched the hours the days the date you do not
understand then when there are
some cars are not a sentence it is not valid
because it has not been judged okay there are
cars from six or seven judges who have been
rejecting the case dismissed dismissed
dismissed
then here they are already in what  I
was explaining to you the other day, I don't see why
the presumption of innocence is not recommended,
the presumption of essence is not fulfilled
and when there is doubt,
the innocence of the people is presumed first. But the thing is that
here the judges have done it to the homeland
six or seven times or six or seven judges, I do
n't know exactly how many times it has been
reversed but they are no longer
sitting on the presumption of
innocence, for me what they are
doing is
defaming, do you
understand? You can't say that this
man, because now this lady tells
these stories, you can say that he is
the man, he can tarnish the image of
our company,
when he does it, whenever he wants, he would take all the
documentation, I don't know how many times, I don't know
how many thousands of pages to some judges
and that would be the gaps they had said no way,
so for me,
if it is an unfair dismissal, I could be
wrong, I don't know, jurist, but it is that they are
present because they do not have the
right to fire him with the excuse that there is
zero tolerance for mistreatment or
when in doubt, it does not tarnish our image, no
because it is that  Those who are tarnishing the
image are themselves, that is, they have
set up the whole plot. I only
marched, we destroyed his image, we
fired him, on top of that,
Raquel understood that she was her brother-in-law's lawyer.
No, no, Raquel is saying that she is a
lawyer, like for example when
Judge Calatayud, Cuesta, and Raquel came out to speak.
What she believes, what I think she
said in that audio, is that she is not
Antonio Weak's literal lawyer, that she
is not the one handling the case, but rather she is a
lawyer who publicly defends him, that she
is publicly expressing her opinion. But here,
according to what I read, Lartigue, according to the article, it is
the voice of the lawyer handling the case. I
understand. So, I do see it as
appropriate, apart from humiliating, it
ignores several rights, of
course, it ignores several
rights,
from my point of view,
Cruz clarifies that, as with the contract,
yes, as to whether compensation
or reinstatement is being requested, Cruz clarifies that, as with the
temporary contract, what she is requesting
is financial compensation, although she
prefers not to reveal the amount. I believe
that the amount
is more or less stipulated. Okay, I do
n't know if  it's a percentage, I couldn't say it,
I think it would be a percentage of what
a club would have earned plus for the
damage caused by more, I don't know, it will also
depend on what you want, you can put it
and what he thinks at his discretion,
but what he considers, you
understand, the dismissal is communicated
live on a program in which the
worker finds out the news at the
same time as five million thinkers,
of course, Cruz relates all this is a
consequence of the broadcast of a
program in which her ex-partner accuses her
of mistreatment and the
employer decides to give absolute credit to
these statements although these are
facts that have already been judged. Here there is a
criminal proceeding with an investigation
that has lasted almost two years in which
a lot of
professionals and experts in
gender violence have intervened and they reached a resolution that
was confirmed by the
provincial court and by the supreme court-- I mean,
this is very important
when we have this, when we have this because they
play many times, we have
heard it many times, no,
when we have this and they play with the
word of, it is that there is no sentence, he has not
been acquitted because he has not been tried,
well, my weapon, okay, they have decided not to
sit him in the  bench but the
provincial court and the supreme court have already
made decisions
by
ratifying and thimothy or
ratifies we say that it says that there is no
indication that any
crime has been committed and that is the resolution that
we have it will be correct or not but in
which there is Cruz comments that separates the
labor procedure from the criminal one the
employer who has a direct interest
in the television program in which
these accusations are made decides to accept
these statements and
apply the most serious disciplinary measure to his employee
and all of this during
prime time and in front of
my viewers it
is not that he decides to accept these
statements it
is not only that which is also unnecessary it is
colored and they draw everything so that
everyone thinks like this well to
try it okay no longer that I think it and
that they accept it would go well hey we do not
believe Rocío's testimony we are going to
take these measures no no no it is that in
addition they participate and not only
participate they censor all the
people who question Rocío Carrasco
and they even manipulate the information a little it
is from television we have already
seen how they manipulate he does not have a [ __ ]  They
put it like grams,
however,
many other things that
happened a decade ago are condemned.
Okay,
everyone has had
the dismissal of an employee
from a television show. That is the
reality and it is done because it has
economic benefits for the employer.
His colleague Eduardo
Ferreyros, who is the managing partner of the
firm, adds: "As for the
termination of the employment contract following the
documentary in which Rocío Carrasco
tells how her years of
living with Flores were, it could be
a setup,
since he comes off very badly in this
production and could see in this edition
a new way of generating income
by going to other
television programs. The law firm
categorically states that no, it is not
a way to promote himself or try to
gain popularity and that he would
definitely have preferred that
none of this had happened,
obviously since he has not only lost
his job but also the
company that hired him has
generated benefits at the cost of
firing him in such an abrupt manner. The
judgment is real, the judge is not going to
participate in any show and the prosecutor, even
less so, this is not some setup. The link they
claim is that Cruz's client
I wish none of this had come
to light the client of cruz or rather perhaps
claiming that it is with the lawyer who is
handling the case Antonio Abiliso
so I
don't understand who is misinterpreting it there
is no fault that has been
sanctioned with the fact that there are those
statements made by that
person his partner and that he is fired
for that reason comments cruz indicating
that in addition that played against him when it came to
finding another job in fact
the television factory itself
Kiko Hernandez himself in some
later programs that I remember that we put
here the clip we put it in a couple of
videos on my secondary channel
from Sálvame itself they confirm that
Antonio had had other interviews I don't
know where they were the magazine another program or
whatever and they were also canceled
due to fault of fact
or in other words harmed but well
the working life of Antonio David and
surely they will have to pay for it of course
since having been portrayed as an
abuser before millions of
viewers by his ex-partner
other companies do not want to count on their
services a series of
fundamental rights have been injured
her dignity her integrity her right to
honor her principle of presumption of
innocence for me it is not that you have been
injured
for me this fact I love
trampled and sant passed through the lining of
the balls what professionals
and judges think
for me in the PSOE
all of that has been ignored and
a disciplinary measure has been applied
that has been made into a
television spectacle comments Nadal and that is how he looks at
this case as a dismissal
thank you Javier thank you very much
welcome assimilates it with a dismissal for
having a political significance for being a
woman for being homosexual it is
discrimination
I would not agree here
personally it is worth discrimination no
because he is not being discriminated against for
belonging to any vulnerable group
no he was not discriminated against for
being a man or for being of a certain
race or for being from a certain city or for
being of a certain
political ideology is okay to discriminate it seemed to me
for example that they threw
Antonio Montero out of the plate from my opinion from
my point of view his 7 incriminating
because he was expelling them and
discriminating against them for their opinion and on
everything is discriminated against a lot for their
political ideology when it should be
respected because that's what ballot boxes are for, okay,
as long as there is no talk of murders or
support on brutal things, I don't see any
problem here, I don't see that
Antonio is being discriminated against, okay, under
any condition here, what I see is that he is being
labeled as if he
were a criminal, in addition to the
worst seen and
and by putting that label on him, they grab on to it to
fire him, do you
understand me, it's not discriminatory if he
was being fired, he is truly an abuser, there is
no discrimination,
firing him from his job, abuser of the
discriminatory here, what they are
doing is tarnishing his image,
defaming him, slandering him and taking advantage of it to
fire him because on top of that, it's
a show and on top of that, a lot of money that they have done
that you cannot imagine, that you cannot
imagine, it
's tremendous and all with a profit motive, the
club also emphasizes that despite the fact
that the resolution will surely arrive in a period
of approximately one month and since there is no
jurisprudence of similar cases,
the procedure will be extended,
if this happens, yes, it is always extended with
the presentation of appeals contrary to
this first ruling, be it in  the sense that it
is like that always okay follow Antonio
David the television factory is going to
appeal to the provincial court
that will take more or less a year or a year
and a half okay the result of the
provincial court whoever loses
will also appeal to the supreme court and
that will take a couple of years more okay this is
going to take
this is going to take at least at least at
least two years being quick okay
two years at least two years going
quickly
but well
we really want to see at least
that first instance
if we look at it from the point of view of
any worker being fired
on television it is a private matter it does
not have to be disclosed in this
way because it is not exactly the same as what I have
been explaining to you at the time it has
been the comparison with the factory that does not
manufacture the peeling and that you see it I
had understood
[Music]